So far we have seen really good methods in
client side attacks.
These, these methods were really good,
because they didn't, we didn't really ask
the client to do anything.
We were, we would gain access to the target computer
if the client update their system
or if they download something,
then we will backdoor it on the fly.
So these methods are really good
because we don't really need to interact with,
like with, the person does need to do something.
So the user has to actually do an action
but we don't need to ask them to do something.
The only problem with these methods is
that we need to be the man in the middle.
So we either need to do ARP poisoning
or we need start our own fake access point
or do something to become the man in the middle.
In the next videos we are going to talk about
a method or methods that you can use
if you aren't the man in the middle.
If the person maybe exists in a remote place
that you, like it's not possible for you to become
the man in the middle.
So we are going to be talking about social engineering.
And social engineering is really big and there are
so many attacks that you can do
because it all depends, sometimes you don't even need
any technical information to that kind of attacks.
So it all depends on your target and how you are
going to build a strategy to attack that target
and maybe get some passwords
or gain access to certain computer system.
So what we are going to do is, usually with information
gathering, the most important step is gathering information.
You need to gather as much information as you can
about your target, about what websites they use,
who is their friends,
anything, any piece of information can
become really really useful to you when
it comes to social engineering.
So we are going to look at how to gather information
about a specific person first.
So here all we have, all we a going to have
is just a name or a Facebook account
and we will see what information we can gather
based on that name.
After that we are going to move
and we are going to start building a strategy
and we will see how we can use all the information
that we gathered to build a strategy
in order to build an attack and gain access
to the target computer system
and at the end we are actually going to use
some technical stuff to create our backdoor.
We are going to make a back door that is acceptable
by the target user, that they will probably use.
And we will also see how we can pretend
to be one of their friends and get the target person
to run the back door
so we are actually going to be asking them
to run a specific file and serve the methods
we have seen so far, where the user goes and voluntarily
goes and updates their system
or downloads a certain executable.